# Default entries from https://github.com/bromite/filters/blob/master/lists.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/raw/master/filters/filters.txt
# uBlock filters – Badware risks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/badware.txt
# uBlock filters – Privacy
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/privacy.txt
# uBlock filters – Quick fixes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/quick-fixes.txt
# uBlock filters – Resource abuse
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/resource-abuse.txt
# uBlock filters – Unbreak
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/unbreak.txt

# EasyList
https://easylist.to/easylist/easylist.txt
# EasyPrivacy
https://easylist.to/easylist/easyprivacy.txt

# AdGuard CNAME record trackers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/cname-trackers/master/combined_disguised_trackers.txt
# AdGuard Base Filter
https://filters.adtidy.org/extension/ublock/filters/2.txt
# AdGuard Tracking Protection filter
https://filters.adtidy.org/extension/ublock/filters/3.txt
# AdGuard Mobile Ads Filter
https://filters.adtidy.org/extension/ublock/filters/11.txt
# Fanboy's Enhanced Tracking List
https://fanboy.co.nz/enhancedstats.txt

# Peter Lowe’s Ad and tracking server list
https://pgl.yoyo.org/adservers/serverlist.php?hostformat=hosts&showintro=0
# Dan Pollock's hosts file
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/austinheap/sophos-xg-block-lists/master/dan-pollock-someonewhocares-org.txt

# BGR: Bulgarian Adblock list

# uBlock – Annoyances
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/annoyances.txt
# Fanboy's Annoyance List
https://secure.fanboy.co.nz/fanboy-annoyance.txt
# AdGuard Annoyances
https://filters.adtidy.org/extension/ublock/filters/14.txt
# I don't care about cookies
https://www.i-dont-care-about-cookies.eu/abp/
# Web Annoyances Ultralist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yourduskquibbles/webannoyances/master/ultralist.txt

# Fanboy's Anti-thirdparty Fonts
https://fanboy.co.nz/fanboy-antifonts.txt
# Block Google Fonts (by CrapBlock)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/theel0ja/CrapBlock/master/block-googlefonts.txt

### This one will break some sites for sure.

